fingerprint 50c4524fcceca2b0
# the page layout these screenshots were taken from; regenerate both together
group: Daily
section: Right now
section: Today's plan
  sub: What to do today and why, built from your own patterns rather than a generic tip list.
section: What moves your readiness
  sub: Patterns, not causes. Five things about a day — bedtime, strain, naps, when training finished, days since a rest day — each checked against the next morning's score. A pattern is shown only if it held in both halves of your history and on days it wasn't fitted to.
  sub: Each is measured on its own and they overlap, so the numbers don't add up.
group: Weekly
section: Acute:Chronic Workload Ratio
  sub: Last 7 days of training load vs the last 28 — minutes in each heart-rate zone weighted by intensity, a linear load like the ones these bands were built on. A widely used injury-risk measure, though later research disputes how well the bands predict injury.
section: Training variety
  sub: Your strain each day, then how evenly the week's load was spread, then what you actually did. Training at the same effort every day has been linked to more illness than the same total with lighter days in between.
section: Time in heart-rate zones
  sub: Easy is below about 82% of your max heart rate, moderate 82–87%, hard above 87% — the three zones used in endurance research, converted from WHOOP's zones with your own resting and max heart rate. Strength sessions are left out, since most of their time is rest between sets.
section: Sessions per week
section: Sleep regularity
  sub: How often you are asleep — or awake — at the same time of day as you were the day before, over the last 30 days. 100 means identical sleep and wake times every day. Naps count.
section: Sleep composition
group: Monthly
section: Trend explorer
  sub: Every day WHOOP has scored, not just the last 30 — pick a metric and a window.
section: Readiness, every day
  sub: The last year, one cell per day, coloured by the plan that day got.
section: Recovery, every day
section: Recovery cost by sport
  sub: How your recovery the next morning compares after each sport, against your other training days. A ~ means the gap is approximate — it could still be chance.
section: Personal records
section: Full training log
